Docs: Added `disableWatchdog` property description in the React integ… (#14467)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/integrations/react.md

* `config` &ndash; The editor configuration. See the {@link installation/getting-started/configuration Configuration} guide.
* `id` &ndash; The editor ID. When this property changes, the component restarts the editor with new data instead of setting it on an initialized editor.
* `disabled` &ndash; A Boolean value. The {@link module:core/editor/editor~Editor `editor`} is being switched to read-only mode if the property is set to `true`.

> * `disableWatchdog` &ndash; A Boolean value. If set to `true`, [watchdog](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/features/watchdog.html) will be disabled. It is set to `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disableWatchdog` &ndash; A Boolean value. If set to `true`, {@link features/watchdog the watchdog feature} will be disabled. It is set to `false` by default.
```
